---
story: Long Way Home
title: When I Arrived
tale: 03
---

# Chapter 3: When I Arrived

So when I got there, they put me in a hotel.
That’s what they normally do.
It’s alright — that’s fine. They’re gonna do that.

You need food and water.
I don’t give a damn — **they ain’t gonna feed you.**
Don’t let them lie to you.
They are **NOT** gonna feed you.

They’ll feed you lunch.
Big boy.
_Lunch._
So you better be bringing some snacks.

Depending on where you go,
everybody does it different,
but most of the process is the same.

You still have to get your CDL.
Meaning you have to get your **permit**.
Meaning you have to pass the **test**.
Meaning you have to **study** for the test.
Meaning you have to take the **time out of your day**
to do what you told yourself to do — and **do it**.

Typically, after you get your permit,
then they’ll introduce you to the trucks.
You know they’re gonna teach you about the trucks.

They’re gonna teach you **every component**,
and I advise you to learn **everything**.
Ask a thousand questions —
but be respectful.

Because there’s gonna be people around you.
Or — you might be alone. That’s great.
You might be learning from your pops.
You might be learning from somebody.

**Who cares?**
I don’t care **how** you learn —
**Learn it all.**

Learn how to **parallel park** both ways.
Not just one way — **both ways**.

Learn how to **offset** both ways.
Learn how to **back up straight**.

You don’t have to be perfect.
Because I can’t even get it every time.

Then you’re gonna get on the truck,
and they’re gonna teach you how to drive.

And you know what?
Just **pay attention**.

That’s all I would advise you to do.
**Pay attention.**
